over here we spot some South American
gazelles this gazelle is eating a flower
this lion is eating the gazelle but
he'll probably spit out the flower this
is it
our entire voiceover for our show on
bears is written on a cocktail napkin
yeah we wrote it last night at PJ
Mahoney's that's great
bears drive their name from a football
team in Chicago no wrong it is estimated
that bears kill over two million salmon
a year attacks by salmon on bears are
much more rare all right that's got to
be true right all right let's go with
that one mrs. strange wilderness we have
sound speed now no matter how many sea
lions are eaten each year by sharks it
never seems like enough if the show
sucks two weeks from now the show is
cancelled thank you very much we're not
canceled yeah hey Junior
how about you fresh blood you get any
ideas sorry dude what is on your eyes Oh
oh man I got these tattoos on my eyelids
to make it look like when I was sleeping
that people would think that I was awake
that's Bigfoot I know where he's hiding
this is exactly what we needed
[Music]
[Applause]
Tucker JUnit is that a thong you're
where sharks can only be found in two
places on earth the northern and
southern hemispheres these sharks are
attacking Nicole Richie yes the shark
isn't what the look at that thing's
teeth strange wilderness
[Applause]
[Music]